Add doc on generating Jam and HAR (#2656)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/development/troubleshooting/help-support/browser-replay.mdx

---
title: Create a browser replay
description: Learn how to record replays and share them with Clerk Support.
---

When you report an issue with your application to Clerk Support, we may ask you to [record a browser replay](#record-a-browser-replay-with-jam), which will allow us to see the sequence of events that led to the issue and help us diagnose and resolve the problem. If you're unable to install the Jam extension, you can [generate a HAR file instead](#generate-a-har-file).

## Record a browser replay with Jam

Jam is a browser extension that allows you to record a replay of your issue with full technical context, including a video recording of your browser along with all network requests. You can create a Jam in Google Chrome and browsers supporting Chrome extensions (such as Microsoft Edge and Brave).

> You can read more about how to record with Jam [here](https://jam.dev/docs/get-started/creating-a-jam).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to record with Jam, see the [reference documentation](https://jam.dev/docs/get-started/creating-a-jam)
```
